content.md, before:

##1 Title
_Recommanded books on design_

##2 Quote
Everything has been composed, just not yet written down. - _LETTER TO LEOPOLD MOZART [1780]_

##3 My info
[Here is my avatar url](http://www.gravatar.com/avatar/1380392c951c5d3edc96146b1d5b877b.png)

##4 Books
We have 4 books here, for each book, we collect 4 reviews form amazon.

####_The Design of Design_
Basic info: 

- Author: Frederick P. Brooks, Jr. 
- [Cover image](content/b-the-design-of-design.jpg)

Reviews:

- _It's a well written and substantial book._ (Baljeet Sandhu)
- _The first three sections make the book worthwhile._ (Hector Correa)
- _If you love computers you will cherish this book._ (Reg Nordman)
- _I really recommend it for everyone involved in the product development process._ (Alexander T. Gafford)

####The Non-Designer's Design Book
Basic info:

- Author: Robin Williams
- [Cover image](content/b-the-non-designer-design-book.jpeg)

Reviews:

- _Very easy to follow and understand._ (Lisa)
- _It does have good information and it's written in a way that is very easy to understand._ (J. Wolf)
- _After finishing the book tonight, I set out to improve my resume._ (Brian Williammee)
- _This is a good book with lots of practical advice._ （anonymous）

####Undercover User Experience Design
Basic info:

- Author: Cennydd Bowles
- [Cover image](content/b-undercover-ux-design.jpg)

Reviews:

- _The authors really explain how to make UX processes work within companies._ (Greg Hoin)
- _This a great book for anyone new to the field of UX or looking to move into it._ (Pete Williams)
- _It gives you a range of possibilities to tackle problems along the way._ (Matthias Schreck)
- _A concise and well illustrated guide to User Experience Design_ (Matt)


####The User Experience Team of One
Basic info:

- Author: Leah Buley
- [Cover image](content/b-ux-team-of-one.jpg)

Reviews:

- _Fantastic book for both experienced and new UX designers._ (Caryn Law)
- _Great introduction to all the aspects, techniques, and philosophy of what the term UX means today._ (Eduardo)Iturrate
- _You may recognize a lot of the techniques, and most of them are geared for quick and dirty implementation._ (Laura-Jane Cunningham)
- _Fantastic book for both experienced and new UX designers._ (Caryn Law)

Commit message:

add a sentence I want to say

content.md, after:

##1 Title
_Recommanded books on design_

##2 Quote
Everything has been composed, just not yet written down. - _LETTER TO LEOPOLD MOZART [1780]_

##3 My info
[Here is my avatar url](http://www.gravatar.com/avatar/1380392c951c5d3edc96146b1d5b877b.png).
One sentence I want to say: Reading does help, it gives me many inspirations. I am sure I will keep going.

##4 Books
We have 4 books here, for each book, we collect 4 reviews form amazon.

####_The Design of Design_
Basic info: 

- Author: Frederick P. Brooks, Jr. 
- [Cover image](content/b-the-design-of-design.jpg)

Reviews:

- _It's a well written and substantial book._ (Baljeet Sandhu)
- _The first three sections make the book worthwhile._ (Hector Correa)
- _If you love computers you will cherish this book._ (Reg Nordman)
- _I really recommend it for everyone involved in the product development process._ (Alexander T. Gafford)

####The Non-Designer's Design Book
Basic info:

- Author: Robin Williams
- [Cover image](content/b-the-non-designer-design-book.jpeg)

Reviews:

- _Very easy to follow and understand._ (Lisa)
- _It does have good information and it's written in a way that is very easy to understand._ (J. Wolf)
- _After finishing the book tonight, I set out to improve my resume._ (Brian Williammee)
- _This is a good book with lots of practical advice._ （anonymous）

####Undercover User Experience Design
Basic info:

- Author: Cennydd Bowles
- [Cover image](content/b-undercover-ux-design.jpg)

Reviews:

- _The authors really explain how to make UX processes work within companies._ (Greg Hoin)
- _This a great book for anyone new to the field of UX or looking to move into it._ (Pete Williams)
- _It gives you a range of possibilities to tackle problems along the way._ (Matthias Schreck)
- _A concise and well illustrated guide to User Experience Design_ (Matt)


####The User Experience Team of One
Basic info:

- Author: Leah Buley
- [Cover image](content/b-ux-team-of-one.jpg)

Reviews:

- _Fantastic book for both experienced and new UX designers._ (Caryn Law)
- _Great introduction to all the aspects, techniques, and philosophy of what the term UX means today._ (Eduardo)Iturrate
- _You may recognize a lot of the techniques, and most of them are geared for quick and dirty implementation._ (Laura-Jane Cunningham)
- _Fantastic book for both experienced and new UX designers._ (Caryn Law)
